This Li Rongfa
How is his Taoran Restaurant developing in Qizhou?
Business has been good.
Although he is against us competitors
The fit partner is ruthless
But the guests under my command
But they all like him
The money he took from us
It's all used to win over customers
It seems that this Li Rongfa
They're not idle people.
Shopkeeper Li
I advise you to keep this item smaller.
This Li Rongfa is not easy to deal with, you know?
Thank you, Brother Zhou
Hahaha
Hahahahaha
Ah President Li
I won't disturb you if I have something to do.
Good bye
What is Lin Yi doing recently?
He owns a restaurant in his state
It's right next to our restaurant.
And what promotions and discounts will be offered on the first day of opening?
What about attracting customers?
Give him some guests first
Give him a taste
After he increases his investment
Planning